docs: Add API and CLI documentation (#3917)
dagger/dagger: docs/current/api/282105-playground.md

---
slug: /api/playground
---

import Button from "@site/src/components/atoms/button.js";
import LinkCTA from "@site/src/components/atoms/linkCTA.js";
import ButtonExternal from "@site/src/components/atoms/buttonExternal.js";

# Playground

> The API Playground is an in-browser tool for writing, validating, and testing Dagger GraphQL API queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API Playground is an in-browser tool for testing, running and sharing Dagger GraphQL API queries.
```
